#summary Guide for those who want to start developing the game

= Developer's Guide =

This is a short guide for those who want to start developing the game.

== Quick Start Guide ==

Once you have checked out the project from the svn repository, put all the _JAR_ files from the _lib_ directory in your project's classpath. Run _JToyRacing_ passing _-Djava.library.path=lib_ as a virtual machine argument.

== Package and directory organization ==

The source packages are organized as follows:
	* action _(general actions)_
	* audio _(regarding audio manipulation)_
	* core _(control classes)_
		* hud _(screen information)_
	* entity _(main elements)_
	* util _(utilities)_

The resources used by the game are:
	* audio _(audio files)_
	* images _(image files)__
	* models _(3D model files)_
	* texture _(texture files)_

The _dist_ directory is where the build puts the JAR and all the files to distribution.

The _executables_ directory has script files to execute the JAR dependending on the operating system.

The _lib_ directory has all the libraries required by the game.

== Checkstyle ==

The source code follows a set of ckeckstyle rules defined by the file _jtoyracing-checks.xml_ which has most of the Sun coding conventions.

== Ant/Maven ==

Although the directory organization seems like Maven's directory layout, it is not used but I have plans to use it in the future. The project tasks are done by an Ant scrit called _build.xml_.

The Ant tasks named dist_x, where x is the target operating system, create a JAR and copy all the necessary files to _dist_ directory. Files with _so_ extension are used in linux version, _dll_ extension are used in windows.